{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs28\lang9 When a object is created the deafult constructor is initialized .\par
Under main method not necessary to put access  the default access modifier is Public\par
start from 7 \par
Inside the Abstract calass method is declared & also can be implemented but it should be astract in nature.\par
Inside the Class method is always implemented thats the difference btw abstract class & regular class.\par
Inside interface this is not mendatory to use abstract keyword on the method , by nature its an abstract method whether u use or not.\par
& on Interface body method is decalred \par
when method is implemented also called non abstruct method.\par
& in a simple we can say if you dont use abstact keyword is non asbstract method which have method body or which we say usually method implemented.\par
A relation btw regular class, abstract class & interface is called abstruction.\par
Inheritence :\par
By extends keyword we can inherit a child class with parent class.\par
* java doesn't support mulitiple inheritence .\par
Multilevel , single. highererchichal Inheritence those are the important inheritence for java.\par
Regular class :Method is implemented on regular class, Method cann't be declared .\par
Regular class : variable is declared & initialized both is possible\par
Abstract class : variable is declared & initialized both is possible\par
Interface : V\b ariable declared is not possible Only can intialize. when intial a value it should be static & final in nature.\par
\b0 when we use final that means the value is not changable & when u static keyword it means it belong with only that class / interface no other can class or interface can use it\par
In regular class or abstract class we can intialize a constructor but interface cann't have constructor.\par
we can create a implemented method on regular class but on abstract class we can create implmented method (non abstract ) & also can create return type method or abstract method  but on Interface method not implmented is possible only declared but only default & static type method is possible to implementation.\par
\par
Encapsulation : Hiding implementation of methods and data from users is called encapsulation.\par
Enum is constant data type keyword which is used to declare predefined variables by user\par
Inheritence : A regular class can extend only one regular class or absract class by extends keyword and not possible to extend a Interface\par
implements keyword we can use on a regular class for inherit more then one Interface. but we can't inherit a regular class or asbstruct classs by implements keyword.\par
but From Interface its only allows extends keyword for other interface & not possible to use for other class or abstract class. & also not possible to use implements keyword to inherit with other interface.\par
if we write down extlends & implements keyword we have to maintain the steps like extends should be first & implements should be at last.\par
\par
A abstract class can inherit a regular class or abstract class but not possible more then one, not possible to inherit a Interface by extends keyword.\par
Interface is the blueprint of a class. \par
Interface can't inherit a regular class or abstract class by extends keyword.\par
Extends keyword can only for Interface can inherit more then one interface. \par
From java 1.8 there is 2 special method is possible to implement in Interface those are default & static type methods\par
static method can be used in regular class but default method is only used for Interface. l\par
Super Method : We can call super method to call the constructor of Super or Parent Class. & we can use only one super method on the constructor . either default or parametirzed one but only one method we can call .\par
when we put paranthesis that is we say method .\par
& when we put only super keyword we use to call all kind of method of super or parent class.\par
Inside a Method super method will not work only it works on Constructor or  Parametirized Constructor. but we can call the methods by super Keyword.\par
Only Inside the Child class we can use super methods \{ super();)\par
\par
Can you call a non static variable inside the main method ? \par
No its not possible , the variable should be static on nature.\par
Inside the main method do we need to use public or protected access modifier ?\par
it would be fine it works as default, Dont need to use public, protected or private if its under main method.\par
Inside main method if you put any variable those are kind of local variable \par
but if we put variablse before calling main method those we can say global variable.\par
same as variable we can't call any method inside a main method if the method is not static in nature.\par
Java reserved keywords are not used as method or variable name . example : boolean, true, extends, case, int, etc.\par
when a method is static on nature we can call direct with the class name or Interface name we don't need to call by object.\par
Static method of an Interface is not possible to call on regular class though its inherited with implement keyword " regula class with interface"\par
why Interface is not posssible to instanciate : Because as there is all abstract method no implementation methods are present thats why its not possible to create object by Interface or Abstract Class.\par
Method overloading oc  during compile time.\par
& method overriding occurs during run time.\par
Polymorphisom : Method name is same but parameters should be diffrent. \par
Polymorshisom is an object take in many forms.\par
Final & static  type method is not changable so its cannot be overridden.\par
\par
SQL:\par
Primary key doesn't allow null or any duplicate value \par
the first column of a table is Primary key & rest are the foreign Key\par
On structured Query language generally A table is organized by the primary Key which is the first Column.\par
The % sign in SQL called wild card .\-\-\-\-\-\par
Distinct means Unique\par
\par
Dictionary:\par
Accumulating\par
\par
\par
Manual Testing : In Indsutrty i need to know the application behavior first by doing manually then i can go for automation script , thats the rule. \par
Automation tester responsibility : to make the task fast with confidently & with accuracy.\par
Doing Automation saves a lot of time.\par
why automation testing is costly then manual ?\par
because everybody can do manual testing but for automation testing the person must have to know coding knowledge to automate the test & another reason it will take less time to do test .\par
Unit testing : 90% of test is done by the developer but from end user prospective we will test also unit by unit like when a end user click on a funtion is it works as expected or not .\par
Integration Testing : Combined two or more units test together works or not that called Integration testing. like if i choose 2 things combindly is it working as expected from end user view.\par
System Testing : Systematic of the application working properly \par
UAT : User acceptence Testing where in a web application if we put  valid credentials it should be accpeted as per the application designed .\par
when you can do test  through automatoin or test through Manully ?\par
Ans : When requirements not changed a lot frequently then we can test automation but when recurirements changed a lot then we have to do manually .\par
have to check the core funtionality like mejor functionality check through automation if developer made any little change in website . like login button or check out button etc.\par
For performance or load Testing we have to do by automation , where we can create with some thrid party apps 1000 people to login virtually.\par
Back box testing : when a Tester have that much coding knoweldege or how the programm was builld but you just know how the application how it works or how can you test the application that is Balck box testing. I might have some codiing knowledge but i can't build the programms or don't know inside how it works \par
white box testing : A developer will be the white box tester. who have knowledge of developing an application how to build , how internally it works hows to connect with database everything so developer is a open box or, clear box or white box tester. white box tester do there unit test , integration test done mostly by the developoer.\par
Grey Box testing : The tester have a limited knowledge about the internal working of the application are Grexy box tester . know the architech of the program , knows how the application was build , how it was integrated with database , overall knowledge about back end we can say. the tester have access system design documents & the database .\par
Black box : I dont test test the coding segment , rather then do test the usablility of the application like i just test  like as an end user. Need to just validate the funtionality of the functions. \par
RTM: Each test cases against the requirements so again the requirement how many test cases you right & status of the all the test cases. \par
Smoke Test : Mejor funtionality will be part of the smoke Test. \par
Regression Test : Basically all the existing test cases. \par
sanity Test : Like Manual test we have to validate some emergency Functional Testing which might important to test within short time.\par
\par
Control + Shift + F = for make the code readable .\par
all the libaries are save on local our m2 folder , i mean the from the maven center reprository which dependencies we copy when we save it saves & update then it comes to our local machine which is m2 folder.\par
If any method is static we can call directly with the method name not necessary to create objects of the class. name . Also there is way to call the static method without calling method name when the method is static just add import static & the name of class & after that* (all the property)sign at the end\par
\par
\par
\par
What is automation : This is a process like it can run by itself without human intervantion.\par
when a manager will ask for the test ? we should reply the manager give me ur requirements what are the things you want to test.\par
Funtional testing : Smoke , Regression, Sanity, Integration those all testing are funtional testing\par
UAT: User acceptance Testing sometime done by BA or QA, on some project its not necessary though. \par
Environments : Dev, QA, UAT, STAGE   - Deployment & Production Deployment is like Live environment. or we can say Release .\par
THe Chain of work flow :\par
Product owner : who have some requirements to bluild a web application or apps\par
BA/ Scrum Master : he will get all the things & maintain FRD or BRD (Functional Recuirement Documents or  Business recuirement documents )easy to understand the requirement & fwd to developer with following some steps \par
DEV: Easy way to understand & can make the application part by part.\par
\par
Agile Scrum Team ( Product owner/ Manager, BA/Scrum Master, Developer & then QA)\par
Epic > Multiple Story > Multiple Task.\par
Agail have to type boards : Agaile Scrum & Agaile Kanban\par
RTM : Against the recuirements what is ur test cases & what is our test Status\par
Steps of Automation Dicipline : Understand the Recuirements, Write Test Plan Manually, Automation Steps, (when in azile its ready to Test from Progress then we can processor for Automation Design) Automation Scripts, then RTM.\par
Git new Commands : git checkout "develop" will help to check out from a branch to develop branch.\par
\par
URL : Unified Resource Locator /there is 3 things . no 1. first one Base URL , 2nd End Points 3rd Query Parameter.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.amazon.com/wspara\\\\roll?key=8899?>ajjkl }}{\fldrslt{www.amazon.com/wspara\\roll?key=8899?>ajjkl\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28   from Key that is called resource locator or End Point & amazon.com is the base URI Unified Resource Identifier\par
Api : Application Programming Interface, which means also webservice \par
How api Works : You may request front End & basis of your request  then webservice will validate the request & return response from Data Base.\par
CURD Method : Create , Update , Read, Delete similar like\par
Get/Post/Put/Delete is used for Api which is similar like database Operation.\par
Two Types of API : Rest API & SOAP API\par
SOAP Api :it use a different Protocol. not like https\par
Payload Tpe : Jason & XML language for REST API. we use Jason language for our Payload &\par
Payload will happen only for POST & PUT Call.\par
CURD operation : Create /Update / Read / Delete which is smiliar of Get / Put/ POST / Delete\par
Successefull : Code status 200 , 201\par
Redirection : 300 category, 301 ...Redirected to different URL\par
Client Side Response : 400 category , 404 Not found , 401 Authantication fail , 403 Unauthorized.\par
Server side Error : 500 status code\par
API : \b Application programming interface. \b0 This contract defines how the two communicate with each other using requests and responses.\par
Api Testing means test some End Points. how its behaving . \line For api testing use reqres.in for the better output watch.\par
Query Parameters are with Key value pairs always. & for path parameter we have to use :\par
API Test basically all out URL.\par
when there is different different web services working together we called micro service.\par
one webservice have multiple End Points.\par
& Micro Service have Multiple Web services or we can say Multiple webservice have one Micro Service.\par
where all the dependencies download on ur machine ?\par
all the files downloadedall the jar files under .m2 Folder.\par
\b API : \b0 Basically 2 things in an API one is request & alway from request there will be a  response . \par
Upstream :  the api will call another api\par
Downstream : another api will call this api ./ Another api is depended on this api .\par
\par
\b Xpath : \b0 xpath is a language that will help you to iterarate to different node availalable the webpage \par
xpath : XML query language .\par
For manual validation for API Test we can use the tool Postman.\par
API Testing is all about URL.  if we send a request we get a response .\par
In regression test Assertion is very importand , each of the test Assertion can determined if test fails is it a bug or not .\par
\par
\par
API 2nd video 1:20 for setup resasured framework.\par
Pending 10/17/2023\par
API 04\par
Nasir After 1 hour 20mins watch\par
(3.0)\par
\par
\par
Task :\par
vat office talk\par
inform about the work schedule to anam vai\par
Deposit on account next day duty\par
gap + burlington\par
pay internet bill + mobile Bills\line\par
}
 